fix: Remove default content-length header from MultipartStreamBuilder class (#63)
php-http/multipart-stream-builder: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> ## 1.3.2 - 2024-08-10

Reviewer: best use `unreleased` in pull requests.

i am setting this directly to the correct date as i will release afterwards.

```suggestion
## 1.4.0 - 2024-09-01
```

i do this as version 1.4 - its not really a BC break but a bit of a more dangerous bugfix as some implementations might have relied on the faulty implementation

> - Remove default `Content-Length` header from MultipartStreamBuilder class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No longer automatically add a `Content-Length` header for each part in MultipartStreamBuilder class to comply with RFC 7578 section 4.8.
```
